Add an entry to the iOS section adding a reference to the app "Skeets" (#238)
bluesky-social/atproto-website: content/community/projects.md

- [Graysky](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/graysky/id6448234181) ([GitHub](https://github.com/mozzius/graysky)) by [@mozzius.dev](https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:p2cp5gopk7mgjegy6wadk3ep) and [@alice.bsky.sh](https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf)
- [Yup](https://yup.io/), an app to cross-post to Bluesky and other social apps

> - [Skeets](https://bsky.app/profile/skeetsapp.com), an iOS app that offers bookmarks, drafts, mute words, etc. by [@seabass](https://bsky.app/profile/seabass.bsky.social)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Skeets](https://bsky.app/profile/skeetsapp.com), an app that offers bookmarks, drafts, mute words, etc. by [@seabass.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ituoear7k6qx3smjfoxhufm4)
```
